I recently created InkPads, a Clan Battles tool for this game (https://github.com/the-mongols/InkPads). 
While this new project, the renderer, is an event by World of Warships specifically to replace deprecated tools that were used by the entire community and the broadcast team for their biggest event: King of the Sea (KOTS), I see my submission more like an extension of InkPads the Clan Battles tool. 
As such, I really would like to maintain the *look and feel* of the webapp. I also understand I'm calling both tools "InkPads" in some way or another, but I envision them being individual aspects of my broader "mod" or "tool". So perhaps we refer it to Inkpads-CB and Inkpads-Render for now. We can revisit the naming scheme after everything is done. 
Inkpads-CB is basically all javascript, css, and html. But there's a very specific style, color scheme, and feel to it. I want the user experience to be akin to that for Inkpads-Render. This isn't a priority for initial development, but I am just defining the broad scope of my stream-of-conciousness for this project. 
Ok so it should look and feel like Inkpads-CB, it needs to serve the common player through a Discord Bot interaction, it needs to be able to take user defined parameters for rendering [(i.e. shell tracers, consumable usage, playback speed of output video (0.5x - 2x match speed in example), quality, whether chat is displayed, etc.], it needs to have a tailored GUI/UI for E-sports level of broadscast. It's using Rust source code, but I also wonder if a Web-UI should be considered if the tool is being locally hosted/run. It needs to support dual-renders (where a .wowsreplay file from each time of a match is used to create a full-match Gods-eye render); this was previously done with the deprecated renderer (https://github.com/WoWs-Builder-Team/minimap_renderer). It needs to interface with a Discord Bot for expected hundreds if not thousands of users uploading .wowsreplay files and expecting a video output. And of course, it needs to hit upon every requirement/want established in the project scope/requirements .md. This is a farfetched notion (for now), but I do want to establish it: I want to create a heatmap feature. I want to know if it's doable to parse/render/save a batch of .wowsreplay files and determine a 'heatmap' of player positioning for every map. This specific vision of mine is crystal clear. For formats like Clan Battles and KOTS, it is an absolute GAME CHANGER if we can basically display on the micro and macro scales how clans, teams, ships, and players position and path on a given map. If you take the KOTS format in particular, literally the worlds-best players are playing with cumulative hundreds of years of experience. Boiling it all down and being able to basically create a datababse of how each clan deploys a given ship comp on a given map on a given spawn would quite literally change the landscape of the entire game. This isn't a hyperbole either. The best of the best in clan battles and KOTS are really a handful of teams made up of maybe 20 players on each team with a decade + of innate and deeply ingrained knowledge of how to play the game. They take certain paths, they position in a particular way on an island, they turn in and out at close and long ranges at particular angles. All of this is extremely meticulous and subtle without data-driven analysis. Think of how modern day baseball has both Sabermetrics for every player for every team at every ballpark, for like the last decade. Then they have dozen cameras recording and compiling every pitch, swing, and position for every play. It's all available in this game, but no one's put it together in this way. That's my specific eureka moment. 
